Update typefaces docs (#17205)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes.md

#### Directions

1. Run `npm install --save typeface-your-chosen-font`, replacing `your-chosen-font` with the name of the font you want to install from [the typefaces project](https://github.com/KyleAMathews/typefaces).

An example to load the popular 'Source Sans Pro' font would be: `npm install --save typeface-source-sans-pro`.

2. Add `import "typeface-your-chosen-font"` to a layout template, page component, or `gatsby-browser.js`.

```jsx:title=src/components/layout.js
import "typeface-your-chosen-font"
```

3. Once it's imported, you can reference the font name in a CSS stylesheet, CSS Module, or CSS-in-JS.

```css:title=src/components/layout.css
body {
  font-family: 'Your Chosen Font';
}
```

> *NOTE: So for our example, this would be `font-family: 'Source Sans Pro';`*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*NOTE: So for the above example, the relevant CSS declaration would be `font-family: 'Source Sans Pro';`*
```
Adjusting to adhere to the Gatsby Style Guide.
